Use this to generator references (use Harvard style):
https://www.mybib.com/tools/harvard-referencing-generator 

Rough Research - Saber:
“Video streaming (SVoD) revenue is expected to total over $146 billion per year by 2028.
So it's no surprise that lots of media companies want a slice of the pie.
Paid over-the-top ("OTT") streaming platforms have been popping up left and right to compete with incumbents like Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Prime Video.
Quibi crashed and burned with its short-form offering. 
But the idea of a clearly defined niche has been working elsewhere in the streaming world.
Crunchyroll, a dedicated anime service, has seen really strong search growth during the pandemic. And now has over 5 million paying subscribers.
At the same time, Disney is using its deep back catalog to attract subscribers to its service, Disney+. And it has plenty of new programming too, like its flagship show, The Mandalorian.
Disney+ first launched in November 2019. And just 5 months later, it had already surpassed 50 million subscribers. That number has since risen to over 157 million.”
- https://explodingtopics.com/blog/entertainment-trends 

“Over-the-top stepped in to offer a variety of choices. OTT platforms include Hulu, Netflix, Amazon Prime, and more. They all offer cross-platform compatibility necessary for most modern consumers. After all, an audience today prefers multiple platforms and devices for watching videos. Another outcome is streaming warfare.
D2C alone stands for direct-to-consumer marketing, and this strategy implies that a company promotes and sells goods and/or services right to its customers. It allows getting back control over the manufacturer’s marketing efforts and sales strategies. When it comes to future trends in the media and entertainment industry, here is how D2C video streaming works.
Consider the example of Disney. This company was a pioneer in D2C video streaming after it decided to retract content from Netflix and offer it in D2C channel via one of its major business projects, Disney+. That is when leading media houses started to recede content and hit third-party apps brutally.
The good question is how forthcoming watchers are in subscribing to digital media entertainment. Are they willing to pay for a great variety of streaming applications or not? One of the studies provides an answer. It says that 58 percent of US citizens subscribe to more than one major streaming media and entertainment software solutions (Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Prime)”
- https://opengeekslab.com/blog/trends-in-media-and-entertainment-industry/ 

“Impact of Inflation
As we dive into the entertainment industry trends 2023, one of the most pressing issues is the economic pressure on media consumption, primarily driven by inflation. This year, we’re seeing how rising prices and the cost of living are directly impacting how consumers interact with media and entertainment.
Streaming Churn: An interesting phenomenon highlighted by Antenna is the record-breaking 32 million U.S. consumers who cancelled their streaming service in the third quarter of 2022 alone. This massive churn reflects consumers’ need to tighten their belts, possibly opting out of services that have become luxuries in tough times.”
- https://traxinsights.com/2024/02/19/entertainment-industry-trends-2023/ 



